Updates and additions to ISV Portal text fields (#1938)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/submit-app/submission2-specific/saml2/submit.md

* **Is SAML support available in the SP for all tenants by default or is it available only for specific SKUs?** &mdash; If you select **Certain SKUs**, provide details on which products provide SAML support.

> * **To configure SAML, can your customers do it by themselves from your app's UI, or do they need to contact your support team?** &mdash; If a customer needs support to configure your app integration, you need to include support contact information in your configuration guide. We recommend that you build a UI that enables self-service configuration to reduce the set up time for your customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **To configure SAML, can your customers do it by themselves from your app's UI, or do they need to contact your support team?** &mdash; If a customer needs support to configure your app integration, you need to include support contact information in your configuration guide. We recommend that you build a UI that enables self-service configuration to reduce the setup time for your customers.
```

Author: Fixed
